we have every reason to believe that
this monster will show up again tonight
[Music]
i'm john i'm an alcoholic i've been in
the program now for six years
sober for three this is scary
it's new i never saw a body like that
there's gonna be a lot of late nights in
overtime because of the brutal murder
that happened in town
and i didn't want to set up expectations
that i can't keep our expectations of
you are very
low fans of the bites are gigantic same
as the distance the paw prints
it's a wolf or maybe it's a werewolf no
let me just make this perfectly clear
there is no such thing as werewolves
our killer is a guy and i'm gonna find
him and i'm gonna kill
and we're gonna bring him to justice we
have every reason to believe that this
monster will show up again tonight
i won't ask you to pray with me because
of the goddamn lawyers
[Music]
where were you where were you john none
of you talked to me at once okay they're
saying
it's a walt no it's a man when do i get
to be right about something your job i
am begging you
[Music]
you want to be sheriff how about we
start acting like one
a big bad wolf
[Music]
you